README.md, before:

# templateRepository


## ✅ US 1 -- Board creation
*As a* user 
*I want* to have a board 
*so that* I'd be able to play minesweeper.

**UAT 1:**
_Given_ a minesweeper game
_when_ the user starts it
_then_ an empty board 3x3 is created.


---
## ✅ US 2 -- clean a cell nd find what is inside
*As a* user 
*I want* to clean a cell
*so that* I'd discover if there's a bomb or a free cell.

**UAT 2:**
_Given_ a minesweeper game
_when_ the user starts it
_then_ a minefield with one 💣 bomb is created.

---
## ✅ US 3 - Integrate Board & Minefield
*As a* user 
*I want* to clean a cell
*so that* I'd discover if there's a bomb or a free cell.

**UAT 1:** ✅
_Given_ a board 3x3 over a minefield 3x3 with a 💣 bomb in the middle
_when_ the user clean 🧹 the middle
_then_ the minesweeper raise a 💥 boom!

**UAT 2:** ✅
_Given_ a board 3x3 over a minefield 3x3 with a 💣 bomb in the top left
_when_ the user clean 🧹 the middle
_then_ the minesweeper raise a free ✅ cell!

---

## Refactor 🚧  
✅ - Move the integration of the board and minefield into the minesweeper  
✅ - Minefield should contain bombs while the minesweeper raises a boom for the bomb

Commit message:

feat: uncover a cell with an indicator

README.md, after:

# templateRepository


## ✅ US 1 -- Board creation
*As a* user 
*I want* to have a board 
*so that* I'd be able to play minesweeper.

**UAT 1:**
_Given_ a minesweeper game
_when_ the user starts it
_then_ an empty board 3x3 is created.


---
## ✅ US 2 -- clean a cell nd find what is inside
*As a* user 
*I want* to clean a cell
*so that* I'd discover if there's a bomb or a free cell.

**UAT 2:**
_Given_ a minesweeper game
_when_ the user starts it
_then_ a minefield with one 💣 bomb is created.

---
## ✅ US 3 - Integrate Board & Minefield
*As a* user 
*I want* to clean a cell
*so that* I'd discover if there's a bomb or a free cell.

**UAT 1:** ✅
_Given_ a board 3x3 over a minefield 3x3 with a 💣 bomb in the middle
_when_ the user clean 🧹 the middle
_then_ the minesweeper raise a 💥 boom!

**UAT 2:** ✅
_Given_ a board 3x3 over a minefield 3x3 with a 💣 bomb in the top left
_when_ the user clean 🧹 the middle
_then_ the minesweeper raise a free ✅ cell!

---

## Refactor 
✅ - Move the integration of the board and minefield into the minesweeper  
✅ - Minefield should contain bombs while the minesweeper raises a boom for the bomb

---

## US4 Get the number of bombs around the cell

**UAT 1:** ✅  
_Given_ a board 3x3 over a minefield 3x3 with a 💣 bomb in the top left
_when_ the user clean 🧹 the middle
_then_ the minesweeper raise an indicator of 1!
